Add gen info for signals (#9)
case-team/CASEUtils: H5_maker/README.md

Variations of the **preselection\_eff** for JES and JER systematic variations are also saved (eg `preselection_eff_JES_up`)

> **gen_info** (N_Prongs, 4) floags : 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**gen_info** (N_Prongs, 4) floats : 
```

> If the `--gen` flag is used (followed by a label for a specific signal), additional generator level information of the
> event under this column . For signals, generator level information (specifically the 4-vectors of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `--gen` flag is used (followed by a label for a specific signal), additional generator level information 
is included. For signals, generator level information (specifically the 4-vectors of the
```
